Next review iteration (#207)
cossacklabs/product-docs: acra/security-controls/tokenization/_index.md

* Tokenized value is simply random, it is neither encrypted nor hashed version of the input;
* Tokenization supports two modes:
  * Consistent tokenization — result will always remain the same for the same input (`hello` might be tokenized into `wshfwSjdsn`),
  * Inconsistent tokenization — result will be different every time, even for the same input (`hello` might be tokenized into `KishJs` or `KdCbshQoP` or `KeitAyheof`),
* Tokenization can be reversed, but only for valid (previously returned) values.

Two components can provide tokenization functionality:

* AcraServer — transparent tokenization for `INSERT` and `UPDATE` queries,

>   transparent de-tokenization for `SELECT` queries, with per column configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  transparent detokenization for `SELECT` queries, with per column configuration.
```

[api.proto](https://github.com/cossacklabs/acra/blob/master/cmd/acra-translator/grpc_api/api.proto)
and use either `service Tokenizator` or `service BulkProcessing` (with one or more `TokenizeRequest` inside, enterprise only).

> Tokenize & de-tokenize with `service Tokenizator`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tokenize & detokenize with `service Tokenizator`:
```

```

{{< hint info >}}

> De-tokenization is performed by creating `TokenizeRequest` with the token as value and passing it to `Detokenize` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detokenization is performed by creating `TokenizeRequest` with the token as value and passing it to `Detokenize` method.
```

Method: `GET`

> Path: `/v2/tokenize` for tokenization, `/v2/detokenize` for de-tokenization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Path: `/v2/tokenize` for tokenization, `/v2/detokenize` for detokenization
```
